hi to all the kahn boys back in
this new video this center up here
minecraft to bring terrorism
episodes of the beautiful griffin series
guys now I'm losing before
a real little one
random designer because before the video
I would like to say a couple of things well
guys if the first thing is we have
almost reached one thousand five hundred
subscribers are really happy with
this goal to say that two months ago
we were still a thousand boys enrolled
still believe that we have practically
reached these 1500 members I hope that
within two months reach or again the
2000 and writings I would be really very
happy with this belief in this
series you really like about old episodes
a little over a month ago we even exceed
very 120 and precisely for this reason that
I want to buy a lot of this
series even if the intention of well
start an already another series maybe
single players make a ctn together
to other friends I do not know boys delivered
of you in description please advise me in
comments which series you want it to carry
to channel the new series was colplay
a ctm is not something fine and a map
I don't know kids recommended so much
guys the real game started
branded as you are seeing or
started using shaders again because
many of you have asked me to
start making connected videos
but there were also people to whom
did maybe do it so I decided to
maybe making two viticultural charles is a
video with facebook anyway guys
now stop talking rubbish as
see the loot of these designers
really very, very rich then
guys i dont know how to fuck it done
I find a faction so rich and
non climate guys this faction one
the climate I don't know how it is possible
find a faction we say a house
there is no climate on the faction server
home with non-cremated territory is one
impossible thing
apart from this house we say it was not
very close to the spot but maybe we say
here I took 15 minutes of walking i
guys here you see blocks too
I know admitted at random scattered so I don't know
who stays at home apart from reminding me
a very temple that leaves from a like
remember a temple underneath there is also a
forum I know little what the fuck this is
I don't know how to store a house
they used for loot we only say gods
I earned 8 diamond diamonds
that is, they are not many ahead
I don't know guys I remind you of
wax a led as I repeat it a thousand times
to support them to keep the
my channel to keep this going
series now home seeing this sort of
temple boys there were only four
sixth in this faction that is not one
faction I don't know I'm consistent about
morons may have made a mistake
I don't know they made a claim to all
lost the coordinates of the house anyway
guys the pvp road server and closed already
as long you keep still
write comments because it doesn't make me
enters the greenhouses more free plus a pe
already closed for a month but I guys
now I don't play a lot we say on a server
So we say the game on many servers
guys I don't have a predetermined one of
guys, remember to leave a
beautiful nike let's see who you are
by now you guys put a like good
guys for all I hope that there is
liked
remind you to subscribe to the channel for
see many other fantastic designs
and I also invite you to watch the video
previous because I really did a
casino of very fine designer lights vi
invite you to leave that fucking like e
we get the next video is beautiful
i've been changed